<h2>Vision</h2>
Starting point: 1920s
Starting country: Austria
Prominent Characters: Richard von Coudenhove-Kalergi!,Otto von Habsburg!, Oswald Mosley (UK), Gustav Streseman!, Georges Pompidou, Winston Churchill, Aristide Briand!

Briand: Socialist 
Streseman: Conservative Liberal - Monarchism Support
Otto von Habsburg: Aristocracy - Monarchy
Konrad Adenauer - Democratic Liberalism
Kalergi - Blank Slate formed by the player via events and decisions.

Base Paneuropeanism -> Different Routes depending on which factions in control.
Narrative Based Story with Kalergi being the Player and decides in which way the Paneuropean Union develops.
WW1 goes till 1921, Populace gets tired of it and begins protesting and striking so the Great Powers form a temporary white peace. Lenin never took Power in Russia in 1917-18, Kerensky didnt give the Bolsheviks Weapons. USA never joined WW1 because Lusitania wasnt sunk. 
Germany having a democratic revolution after the end of the War in 1921 becoming a democratic country with Friedrich Ebert as Reichskanzler.
Austria-Hungary collapses in 1922 seperating into the smaller states.
France is on the brink of Revolution with both the far right and the far left wying for power in the destabilized France can it be saved?
Mussolini comes to Power in '22 becoming one of the Regional or Greater Powers. 
Britain is exhausted from the war but stays similar to the original history. 
First Founding of the Movement in 1923 and it gaining traction inside of Austria because of support of popular figures (Einstein, Habsburg, Churchill).
Founding of a party in Austria and it depending on outcomes winning the election alone or in a coalition with another party (from far left to far right).
Building relationships abroad and setting up the paneuropeanism idea in the rest of Europe through other famous personalities.
Some crisis inbetween have to think about them maybe great depression based on events.
Maybe a focus on Franco Germanic Union after some time

Storyline 